I wanted to wear this last eight at the
last eight I don't think they would let
you because we're kind of sexist I still
think we should sing that I what am i a
woman we're not going to fight before
easily buy food go to your sack what
room I will walk through theaters we're
taking the bus we're going to the Hall
your way wait where are we going the
movies the mall the gorge pretty right
now going on all yeah because we have
more things to do over there ya go to
borders and look at the porn section i
mean the Bible fiction God dip why are
you filming because I told that one guy
I would oh one guy the ones that made
him I ate a whopper I ate a whopper I
hate a whopper and it was cute you suck
i paid a walker I ate a whopper I ate a
whopper I a low offer mmm that whopper
it was good and now my if we gonna
rehearse now my version I drink a Pepsi
I drank a Pepsi I drink a Pepsi I drank
a pedigree a great capacity I drink a
Pepsi that pets like the gig was good no
please no we should get older dogs after
back
okay pulled my head as we walk Oh
seniors biatch that's what we are if I
could eat that spot the alarm will go
off oh shit yeah you okay especially
that pretty there's a fucking um there's
a guy in mine who's a burro not gonna
tell you why you phone me because I
won't get trouble but I tell you later
seniors 09 that's right hello hello
hello hello sorry we only listen to real
music max okay so this is a group of two
tective man and one woman yeah you're
the most feminine the man more feminine
and Ashley hop over the wall Oh in the
Darwin Awards is a guy that up this to
group of guys already told make this
video's laughing that one too small for
offense two metallics country and the
fence i'm here with six feet below 20
feet and they hop over and the guy gets
stuck in all the bushes and he and he
pulls out his that this guy's a seamless
funniest way ever he cuts the Knights
let go he falls down falls down falls
down both on he's English and right
before you like he lands on a twig that
goes to Elly 12 inches of his ass aids
incredible thing now the story gets
still tangled up I mean the low light to
single up and it due to like the drop